# Dot Files
## Fire Keeper's Soul
I have been wanting to get to this and finally had some time to read from those who have come before me on how to best organize and maintain dotfiles. This was mainly an exercise for me to finally clean up the absurd number of dotfiles that I have collected over the past few years, most of which is no longer relevant to what I have been up to recently. In many ways I am currently feeling like [Lautrec of Carim](https://darksouls.fandom.com/wiki/Knight_Lautrec_of_Carim), just stealing a sacred piece of knowledge from a group of people who have been at this much longer than myself. But knowledge isn't sacred, dotfiles aren't either, and it won't stop me from spending that precious [fire keeper's](https://darksouls.fandom.com/wiki/Fire_Keeper_Soul) soul for an upgrade.

## Organization
Stow away dotfiles in `$HOME/.dotfiles/` and use `.bash_profile` to establish symbolic links and environment variables where needed. Maybe one day the [XDG Specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html) or another specification will be more widespread, but I doubt this will ever happen. The only symbolic link that must be manually generated is the link to the `.bash_profile` made via `ln -s "$HOME/.dotfiles/.bash_profile.sh" "$HOME/.bash_profile"` for now. Hide away sensitive tokens and keys in a location that is ignored by Git as to not broadcast your access to the world. Currently storing these in a `$HOME/.dotfiles/.secure/` until I find a better way to manage this aspect.
